Documentation clarification for ON_MISSING_DATA (#25937)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/configuration/_index.md

The `Evaluate as zero` and `Show last known status` options are displayed based on the query type:

> - **Evaluate as zero:** This option is available for monitors using `Count` queries without the `default_zero()` function. This option is also available for Metrics monitors that exclusively use queries with either `Sum` space aggregations or the `default_zero()` function. 

Reviewer: Suggestion to clarify that the first part doesn't apply to metrics monitors, and also mention some other cases where "evaluate as zero" can be used
```suggestion
- **Evaluate as zero:** This option is available for monitors using `Count` queries without the `default_zero()` function. For Metrics monitors, this option is available for queries where each metric either uses the `sum` space aggregation, is a count of distribution values, or uses one of those functions: `default_zero()`, `count_nonzero()` or `count_not_null()`. 
```

> - **Show last known status:** This option is available for monitors using any other query aggregations or formulas that could divide by zero.

Reviewer 2: **Evaluate as zero:** 
: This option is available under specific conditions for Metrics monitors and other types of monitors.<br><br> For Metrics monitors, this option is available when either of the following occurs:<br>- Each metric uses the `sum` space aggregation.<br> - The metric is a count of distribution values.<br>  - The metric uses one of the following functions: `default_zero()`, `count_nonzero()`, or `count_not_null()`.<br><br> For other monitors, the option is applicable when:<br>- The monitor uses `Count` queries without the `default_zero()` function.

**Show last known status:** 
: This option is available for monitors using any other query aggregations or formulas that could divide by zero.

Reviewer 2: Optional formatting
